A. Csmith
	1. add "#define NOT_PRINT_CHECKSUM 1" in /usr/local/inclue/csmith-2.2.0/csmith_minimal.h 
           add "#define NOT_PRINT_CHECKSUM 1" in /usr/local/inclue/csmith-2.2.0/platform_generic.h
	2. Only modify include file and don't need to recomplie
B. Cnsim And Avp 
	1. IPAT in cnsim not work, so need to check design work or not? (fixed, see issue 2)
	2. cnsim guest phsical address always show UC? it seems has a problem (fixed, Vmx page bit map is different from non-Vmx.) 
	3. I want to change ept attribute and guest page attribute, but found not changed in cnsim and silicion, so weird, I don't know does ucode do something I don't know(fixed, see issue 2)
	4. In cnsim, if do rdtsc or rdpmc,etc. cnsim cannot get the correct data, so it will add mask automatically, then eflags may be effected. Cnsim 0 indicate mask, 1 no mask
	5. If Vmx code run in Intel platform, there are so many mismatch in vmcs region. The reason is that the pattern of vmcs in intel is different from us. In fact, we don't need to know the accurate pattern of vmcs, we only need to know the vmcs id. 
	6. In vmcs, ES access right is segment descripotor bit32-63, and the base and limit in it are forced to 0.
	7. Vmx on address + 0x10, Intel don't use it. But CNR use it when VMLAUNCH and VMXOFF. 
	8. Global page in cnsim 
	If there are two core with the same pcid, they point to the same page, but with different page structures. If any core indicate the page is global, cnsim think it global too. So the ohter core's pde accessed bit will not be set. Global page in silicon. But in silicon, because the LRU, the global page may be replacement, so the other core need to do page table walk. This occur mismatch between cnsim and silicon. So don't use global page in regression system
	9. Mwait must follow Monitor, if there is some other instructions, maybe mwait is not able to work well. regardless us or intel.
C. GCC And static link
	1. Even ues static link, program elf still has relocation address. In fact, before program run, OS need to execute the code in relocation address and get the real relocation address. Finally Os modify the program elf. In Ktpg, c_parser do this thing.
	2. In long mode, fs need to be set to .tbss(addr) + .tbss(size). And in protect mode, gs need to be set to .tbss(addr)+.tbss(size)  
